attributefield[2]
attributefield[0].name afoo
attributefield[0].datatype STRING
attributefield[0].collectiontype SINGLE
attributefield[1].name abar
attributefield[1].datatype INT32
attributefield[1].collectiontype SINGLE
summaryfield[2]
summaryfield[0].name sfoo
summaryfield[0].datatype STRING
summaryfield[0].collectiontype SINGLE
summaryfield[1].name sbar
summaryfield[1].datatype INT32
summaryfield[1].collectiontype SINGLE
fieldset[0]
indexfield[2]
indexfield[0].name ifoo
indexfield[0].datatype STRING
indexfield[0].collectiontype SINGLE
indexfield[0].averageelementlen 512
indexfield[0].interleavedfeatures false
indexfield[0].prefix false
indexfield[0].phrases false
indexfield[0].positions true
indexfield[1].name ibar
indexfield[1].datatype INT32
indexfield[1].collectiontype SINGLE
indexfield[1].averageelementlen 512
indexfield[1].interleavedfeatures false
indexfield[1].prefix false
indexfield[1].phrases false
indexfield[1].positions true
